{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Brian Day	\
John Kahla\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\qc
\cf0 Lab 2 Report\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 The difference between A shiny and flat surface it the amount of IR light that is reflected back toward the IR sensor. The shinier the surface then the more black looks like white.  Also the distance is a huge factor, if it is too far away from the surface then the amount of light bounced back is not enough and black will also look like white. We used white readings less then 128 and black is greater then that number. We did not find that we needed any dead zone between the white and black readings. \
\
We ended up using two top hat sensors since it seemed to work more accurately with the tank tread system that we have. By using two sensors we are making sure that the black line stays between the two sensors. If one sensor detects black then the motor on that same side increases while the opposite side motor reverses to allow quicker turning.  One sensor did not seem to be accurate as in once the line was lost you had to remember where the line was to go back to it.\
\
OUr robot was able to complete the final course at a fairly descent speed, we adjusted the placement of the sensors so that they were closer to each other and slightly closer to the ground to allow for increased speed.\
\
}